fool
You can't do this little thing well.
Why did Li Jian bite you?
big brother
I didn't expect my limbs to dare to attack the march
Judicial Sudden March
Don't masturbate
How many lions died?
Love eight people to start a family
That's not necessarily a bad thing.
How can you say that Junjun once said in court
If you don't want to be the Son of Heaven, you should give you no desire.
I will kill those who see
If you spread the word
How did the next prince do that day?
You can arrange it.
Everyone knows
This is a matter of foolishness
It's the concubine
concubine
Hahaha woohoo
Hey, Your Majesty, Your Majesty
How many times have I said that?
Man
Don't make a fuss
How to become flustered
Your Majesty, something is wrong
Say
After His Majesty marched and killed the son of Kouque
Servants from all over the world came bravely
To dismantle the palace gate
That's tens of thousands of people.
Oh, this Li Si?
You really know how to say it?
Your Majesty, tens of thousands of lions knock
Something must have happened
Why are you still in the mood to laugh?
It is also a day for the concubine to cry
Laughter is also a day
It's better to live happily every day
Does Your Majesty have a culture?
Look at His Majesty's expression
Like Shizhou is lying down
That's the Queen Dong Zhen
What does His Majesty plan to do with the lion?
I plan to
Tongue battle group